Update docs for multi-bot LLM and name change. (#7167)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/enable-copilot.rst

---------------------

Disabling tools will prevent the LLM from making function calls. This is useful when a model technically supports tool usage but you want to prevent it from being used within Mattermost. Try toggling this feature if you encounter unpredictable tool-related behavior with your model.

Copilot plugin metrics
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Metrics for Copilot are exposed through the ``/plugins/mattermost-ai/metrics`` subpath under the existing Mattermost server metrics endpoint. This is controlled by the :ref:`Listen address for performance <configure/performance-monitoring-configuration-settings:listen address for performance>` configuration setting. It defaults to port ``8067``, and the following metrics are available:

- ``copilot_system_plugin_start_timestamp_seconds``: The time the plugin started.
- ``copilot_system_plugin_info``: The plugin version and installation ID.
- ``copilot_api_time_seconds``: How long to execute API.
- ``copilot_http_requests_total``: The total number of API requests.
- ``copilot_http_errors_total``: The total number of http API errors.
- ``copilot_llm_requests_total``: The total number of requests to upstream LLMs.

Integrations

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---------------
```

Currently integrations are limited to direct messages between users and the bots. The integrations won't operate from within public, private, or group message channels.

Jira
====

Issues with public Jira instances can be fetched. No configuration is required for this integration.

GitHub
======

If you have the Mattermost GitHub plugin enabled, you can use the integration to fetch issues and PRs from your public and private GitHub repositories. The user must be logged in to their GitHub account through the Mattermost GitHub plugin.

Upgrade

> ~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-----------
```

  4. Enter your API key in the **API Key** field.
  5. Specify your model name in the **Default Model** field.

Custom instructions
====================

Text input here is included in the prompt for every request. Use this to give your bots extra context or instructions. For example, you could list all of your organization's specific acronyms so the bot knows your vernacular and users can ask for definitions. Or you could give it specialized instructions such as adopting a specific personality or following a certain workflow. By customizing the instructions for each individual bot, you can create a more tailored AI experience for your specific needs.

> Enable Vision (Beta)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable vision (Beta)
```

> -------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---------------------
```

> =====================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-------------------
```

> Enabling vision allows images that are attached to posts to be sent to the upstream LLM for analysis. This requires that your upstream LLM support this features. Only available with OpenAI and OpenAI-compatable services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling vision allows images that are attached to posts to be sent to the upstream LLM for analysis. This requires that your upstream LLM supports these features. Only available with OpenAI and OpenAI-compatable services.
```

Copilot plugin metrics
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Metrics for Copilot are exposed through the ``/plugins/mattermost-ai/metrics`` subpath under the existing Mattermost server metrics endpoint. This is controlled by the :ref:`Listen address for performance <configure/performance-monitoring-configuration-settings:listen address for performance>` configuration setting. It defaults to port ``8067``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics for Copilot are exposed through the ``/plugins/mattermost-ai/metrics`` subpath under the existing Mattermost server metrics endpoint. This is controlled by the :ref:`Listen address for performance <configure/performance-monitoring-configuration-settings:listen address for performance>` configuration setting. It defaults to port ``8067``, and the following metrics are available:
```

> Metrics for the copilot plugin are exposed through the ``/plugins/mattermost-ai/metrics`` subpath under the existing Mattermost server metrics endpoint. This is controlled by the :ref:`Listen address for performance <configure/performance-monitoring-configuration-settings:listen address for performance>` configuration setting. It defaults to port ``8067``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics for Copilot are exposed through the ``/plugins/mattermost-ai/metrics`` subpath under the existing Mattermost server metrics endpoint. This is controlled by the :ref:`Listen address for performance <configure/performance-monitoring-configuration-settings:listen address for performance>` configuration setting. It defaults to port ``8067``.
```

- ``copilot_system_plugin_start_timestamp_seconds``: The time the plugin started.
- ``copilot_system_plugin_info``: The plugin version and installation ID.
- ``copilot_api_time_seconds``: How long to execute API.
- ``copilot_http_requests_total``: The total number of API requests.
- ``copilot_http_errors_total``: The total number of http API errors.
- ``copilot_llm_requests_total``: The total number of requests to upstream LLMs.

Integrations
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Currently integrations are limited to DMs with the bots. The integrations will not operate from within a regular channel.

Jira
====

> Issues with public JIRA instances can be fetched. No configuration is required for this integration.

Reviewer 2: Is this still the case? It can't access private Jira issues if authenticated?

Author: Yes this is still the case.

> Currently integrations are limited to DMs with the bots. The integrations will not operate from within a regular channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently integrations are limited to direct messages between users and the bots. The integrations won't operate from within public, private, or group message channels.
```

GitHub
======

> If you have the GitHub plugin enabled, you can use the integration to fetch issues and PRs from your public and private Github repositories. The user is required to be logged in to GitHub though the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have the Mattermost GitHub plugin enabled, you can use the integration to fetch issues and PRs from your public and private GitHub repositories. The user must be logged in to their GitHub account through the Mattermost GitHub plugin.
```
